[Music]
come away with me so I don't get out of
here for a while way to go nuts huh so
much it's just the three that's just you
and me and Ella old your mommy right hey
not that old
[Music]
wait what listen quiet
hey I know it's fun but it's time to
sleep goodnight honey
Jesus you got my switches this is its
wallet right to you what are you doing
26 feet
21 this room is five feet longer on the
inside than it is on the outside
anything yet you chose this place not me
he was settling I absolutely did not you
said it to me
somebody wrote in my journal do you like
it here
No Deal
Hey
[Music]
okay what is this place it was a
different house before that one what
sort of house daddy so much the judge in
the jury all found some innocent but
some people didn't believe the house
shows me he must be guilty of something
people have always stayed in a tout cela
some don't leave the right ones usually
find the place
or maybe it's the other way around the
place finds them
you